<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head>
<title>TAP2DEB.1</title></head>
<body>

<h1>TAP2DEB.1</h1>

<h2>NAME</h2>

<p>tap2deb - create Debian packages which wrap .tap files
</p>

<h2>SYNOPSIS</h2>

<p><strong>tap2deb</strong> [options]
</p>

<h2>DESCRIPTION</h2>

<p>Create a ready to upload Debian package in <q>.build</q>
<dl><dt><strong>-u</strong>, <strong>--unsigned</strong> 
</dt><dd>do not sign the Debian package
</dd>

<dt><strong>-t</strong>, <strong>--tapfile</strong> <em>&lt;tapfile&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>Build the application around the given .tap (default twistd.tap)
</dd>

<dt><strong>-y</strong>, <strong>--type</strong> <em>&lt;type&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The configuration has the given type . Allowable types are
<strong>tap</strong>, <strong>source</strong>, <strong>xml</strong> and <strong>python</strong>.
The first three types are <strong>mktap(1)</strong> output formats,
while the last one is a manual building of application 
(see <strong>twistd(1)</strong>, the <strong>-y</strong> option).
</dd>

<dt><strong>-p</strong>, <strong>--protocol</strong> <em>&lt;protocol&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The name of the protocol this will be used to serve. This is intended
as a part of the description. Default is the name of the tapfile, minus
any extensions.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-d</strong>, <strong>--debfile</strong> <em>&lt;debfile&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The name of the debian package. Default is 'twisted-'+protocol.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-V</strong>, <strong>--set-version</strong> <em>&lt;version&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The version of the Debian package. The default is 1.0
</dd>

<dt><strong>-e</strong>, <strong>--description</strong> <em>&lt;description&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The one-line description. Default is uninteresting.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-l</strong>, <strong>--long_description</strong> <em>&lt;long_description&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>A multi-line description. Default is explanation about
this being an automatic package created from tap2deb.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-m</strong>, <strong>--maintainer</strong> <em>&lt;maintainer&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The maintainer, as <q>Name Lastname &lt;email address&gt;</q>. This will
go in the meta-files, as well as be used as the id to sign the package.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--version</strong>
</dt><dd>Output version information and exit.
</dd>

</dl>

</p>

<h2>AUTHOR</h2>

<p>Written by Moshe Zadka, based on twistd's help messages
</p>

<h2>REPORTING BUGS</h2>

<p>To report a bug, visit <em>http://twistedmatrix.com/bugs/</em>
</p>

<h2>COPYRIGHT</h2>

<p>Copyright &copy; 2000-2008 Twisted Matrix Laboratories.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
</p>

<h2>SEE ALSO</h2>

<p>mktap(1)
</p>

</body>
</html>
