<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head>
<title>TAPCONVERT.1</title></head>
<body>

<h1>TAPCONVERT.1</h1>

<h2>NAME</h2>

<p>tapconvert - convert Twisted configurations from one format to another
</p>

<h2>SYNOPSIS</h2>

<p><strong>tapconvert</strong>  -i <em>input</em> -o <em>output</em> [-f <em>input-type</em>] [-t <em>output-type</em>] [-d] [-e]</p>

<p><strong>tapconvert</strong>  --help</p>

<h2>DESCRIPTION</h2>

<p>The <strong>--help</strong> prints out a usage message to standard output.
<dl><dt><strong>--in</strong>, <strong>-i</strong> <em>&lt;input file&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The name of the input configuration.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--out</strong>, <strong>-o</strong> <em>&lt;output file&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The name of the output configuration.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--typein</strong>, <strong>-f</strong> <em>&lt;input type&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The type of the input file. Can be either 'guess', 'python', 'pickle', 'xml', or  'source'. Default is 'guess'.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--typeout</strong>, <strong>-t</strong> <em>&lt;output type&gt;</em>
</dt><dd>The type of the output file. Can be either 'pickle', 'xml', or  'source'. Default is 'source'.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--decrypt</strong>, <strong>-d</strong>
</dt><dd>Decrypt the specified tap/aos/xml input file.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--encrypt</strong>, <strong>-e</strong>
</dt><dd>Encrypt output file before writing.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--version</strong>
</dt><dd>Output version information and exit.
</dd>

</dl>

</p>

<h2>AUTHOR</h2>

<p>Written by Moshe Zadka, based on tapconvert's help messages
</p>

<h2>REPORTING BUGS</h2>

<p>To report a bug, visit <em>http://twistedmatrix.com/bugs/</em>
</p>

<h2>COPYRIGHT</h2>

<p>Copyright &copy; 2000-2008 Twisted Matrix Laboratories.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
</p>

</body>
</html>
