<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head>
<title>CONCH.1</title></head>
<body>

<h1>CONCH.1</h1>

<h2>NAME</h2>

<p>tkconch - connect to SSH servers graphically
</p>

<h2>SYNOPSIS</h2>

<p><strong>conch</strong>  [-l <em>user</em>] [-i <em>identity</em> [ -i <em>identity</em> ... ]] [-c <em>cipher</em>] [-m <em>MAC</em>] [-p <em>port</em>] [-n] [-t] [-T] [-V] [-C] [-N] [-s] [arg [...]]</p>

<p><strong>conch</strong>  --help</p>

<h2>DESCRIPTION</h2>

<p>The <strong>--help</strong> prints out a usage message to standard output.
<dl><dt><strong>-l</strong>, <strong>--user</strong> &lt;user&gt;
</dt><dd>Log in using this user name.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-e</strong>, <strong>--escape</strong> &lt;escape character&gt;
</dt><dd>Set escape character; 'none' = disable (default: ~)
</dd>

<dt><strong>-i</strong>, <strong>--identity</strong> &lt;identity&gt;
</dt><dd>Add an identity file for public key authentication (default: ~/.ssh/identity)
</dd>

<dt><strong>-c</strong>, <strong>--cipher</strong> &lt;cipher&gt;
</dt><dd>Cipher algorithm to use.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-m</strong>, <strong>--macs</strong> &lt;mac&gt;
</dt><dd>Specify MAC algorithms for protocol version 2.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-p</strong>, <strong>--port</strong> &lt;port&gt;
</dt><dd>Port to connect to.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-L</strong>, <strong>--localforward</strong> &lt;listen-port:host:port&gt;
</dt><dd>Forward local port to remote address.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-R</strong>, <strong>--remoteforward</strong> &lt;listen-port:host:port&gt;
</dt><dd>Forward remote port to local address.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-t</strong>, <strong>--tty</strong>
</dt><dd>Allocate a tty even if command is given.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-n</strong>, <strong>--notty</strong>
</dt><dd>Do not allocate a tty.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-V</strong>, <strong>--version</strong>
</dt><dd>Display version number only.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-C</strong>, <strong>--compress</strong>
</dt><dd>Enable compression.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-a</strong>, <strong>--ansilog</strong>
</dt><dd>Print the received data to stdout.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-N</strong>, <strong>--noshell</strong>
</dt><dd>Do not execute a shell or command.
</dd>

<dt><strong>-s</strong>, <strong>--subsystem</strong>
</dt><dd>Invoke command (mandatory) as SSH2 subsystem.
</dd>

<dt><strong>--log</strong>
</dt><dd>Print the receieved data to stderr.
</dd>

</dl>

</p>

<h2>DESCRIPTION</h2>

<p>Open an SSH connection to specified server, and either run the command
given there or open a remote interactive shell.
</p>

<h2>AUTHOR</h2>

<p>Written by Moshe Zadka, based on conch's help messages
</p>

<h2>REPORTING BUGS</h2>

<p>To report a bug, visit <em>http://twistedmatrix.com/bugs/</em>
</p>

<h2>COPYRIGHT</h2>

<p>Copyright &copy; 2002-2008 Twisted Matrix Laboratories.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
</p>

<h2>SEE ALSO</h2>

<p>ssh(1)
</p>

</body>
</html>
